Log of progress below (from Ananda's POV):

Event : Ananda assigned role of UX/UI Design Researcher and Developer 
Date: 07/07/2022
Details: Roles were assigned through team consensus and skill profiles. 
         - Ananda was in charge of the website design.
         - Steven and Joey were in charge of the website development and hosting.
         - Ruchi was the team leader in charge of managing workflows.
Outcome: Initiate Research for UX/UI Design process.

Event : Initial research with Kornelia Deak (via Jo-Anne) and assessing existing websites for businesses in this market.
Date: 09/07/2022 - 29/07/2022
Details: First Color scheme chosen was reconfirmed to be #306846 (dark green), #FFCC00 (goldish yellow), #FFFFFF (white), #363636 (light grey) and  #000000 (black).
         We consolidated the content received which included logos and testimonials. We further requested for more content including a picture of her and a bio.
         Other businesses were noted to have quite catchy calls to action with a strong emphasis on a "We can do it all" attitude in terms of their marketing.
         First colour scheme chosen was Montserrat for headings and Raleway for body text.
Outcome: Start development of a prototype and verify chosen selections with stakeholders.         

         
Event: Development of first prototype which is low-fidelity one on Balsamiq.
Date: 26/07/2022 - 29/07/2022
Details: After concatenating all the research so far I came up with a page layout, navigation bar and footer and a few pages to exemplify page navigation.
         This was mainly to gauge feedback from my teammates, Jo-Anne and most importantly Connie.
         Fonts, colour pallette, sourced (no copyright) graphics and filler text was presented separately for approval.
         I was given creative license over most design choices which and thus went with a minimalist design to emphasize the layout's features.
Outcome: Review of feedback (discussed shortly) and development of prototype 2.
         
Event: Review of feedback received following prototype 1.
Date: 29/07/2022 - 04/08/2022
Details: Overall feedback was lukewarm, with the content assignment and navigation getting a majority of the plaudits.
         The colour pallette was positively received with the grey being the only colour they were uncertain about.
         The fonts had moderately good feedback with a few comments of it being a tad informal for a consulting firm from some users.
         The graphics and filler texts received greatly positive feedback.
        
         
         

